Swift: Add Swift to supported-frameworks.rst, supported-versions-compilers.rst and extractors.rst (#13080)
github/codeql: docs/codeql/reusables/supported-versions-compilers.rst

   JavaScript,ECMAScript 2022 or lower,Not applicable,"``.js``, ``.jsx``, ``.mjs``, ``.es``, ``.es6``, ``.htm``, ``.html``, ``.xhtm``, ``.xhtml``, ``.vue``, ``.hbs``, ``.ejs``, ``.njk``, ``.json``, ``.yaml``, ``.yml``, ``.raml``, ``.xml`` [7]_"
   Python [8]_,"2.7, 3.5, 3.6, 3.7, 3.8, 3.9, 3.10, 3.11",Not applicable,``.py``
   Ruby [9]_,"up to 3.2",Not applicable,"``.rb``, ``.erb``, ``.gemspec``, ``Gemfile``"

>    Swift,"Swift 5.4-5.7","Swift compiler","``.swift``"

Reviewer: I'd say Swift needs a footnote explaining it's in beta, and maybe also specifying that
* Windows is not supported
* Linux support is partial (only works with Swift 5.7.3 at the moment)

Author: Good point.  Indeed, Kotlin already has a note saying "Kotlin support is currently in beta.", so we probably want that _and_ the details you've given above.

Author: I've added a footnote, please could you check you're happy with it.

Reviewer: perfect :+1:

    .. [7] JSX and Flow code, YAML, JSON, HTML, and XML files may also be analyzed with JavaScript files.
    .. [8] The extractor requires Python 3 to run. To analyze Python 2.7 you should install both versions of Python.
    .. [9] Requires glibc 2.17.

>     .. [10] Swift support is currently in beta. Windows is not supported. Linux support is partial (currently only works with Swift 5.7.3).

Reviewer 2: I think it would be clearer to express this positively.

```suggestion
    .. [10] Swift support is currently in beta. Support for the analysis of Swift 5.4-5.7 requires macOS. Swift 5.7.3 can also be analyzed using Linux.
```
